bubble-as-desktop-bg = 0
bubble-background-color = 131313
bubble-background-opacity = 90%
bubble-close-on-click = 1
bubble-corner-radius = 0
bubble-expire-timeout = 10sec
bubble-gauge-size = 6px
bubble-horizontal-gap = 5px
bubble-icon-size = 20px
bubble-prevent-fade = 1
bubble-vertical-gap = 5px
bubble-width = 240px
slot-allocation = dynamic
text-body-color = eaeaea
text-body-opacity = 100%
text-body-size = 90%
text-body-weight = normal
text-margin-size = 10px
text-shadow-opacity = 100%
text-title-color = ffffff
text-title-opacity = 100%
text-title-size = 100%
text-title-weight = bold
